Structured Output generation with `XGrammar` (#2295)
openvinotoolkit/openvino.genai: samples/python/text_generation/README.md

  ```

### 11. Structured Output Sample (`structured_output_sample`)
- **Description:**

> This sample demonstrates how to use OpenVINO GenAI to generate structured outputs—such as JSON or other formats—from text prompts. JSON generation process is split into multiple steps to mitigate generating complex, variadic JSON structures in a single pass. This is done because not all models are able to generate a complex JSON, with a variadic number of elements, in one shot, especially if the model is small and not fine-tuned for this task. By separating the tasks, it becomes possible to use smaller models and still achieve good quality generated JSON. 

Reviewer: The sample highly depends on the model quality. Add a recommendation which model to use similar to `LLM ReAct Agent Sample`

Author: added recommended models

> This sample demonstrates how to use OpenVINO GenAI to generate structured outputs—such as JSON or other formats—from text prompts. JSON generation process is split into multiple steps to mitigate generating complex, variadic JSON structures in a single pass. This is done because not all models are able to generate a complex JSON, with a variadic number of elements, in one shot, especially if the model is small and not fine-tuned for this task. By separating the tasks, it becomes possible to use smaller models and still achieve good quality generated JSON. 

Author: It's the second. Added explicit clarification that 2 stages are separate callings of "generate" to get smaller jsons.

- **Run Command:**
  ```bash
  python structured_output_generation.py model_dir
  ```

>   After running the command, an interactive dialog will start. You can enter a prompt and receive a structured output in response. The generation process is divided into two stages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  After running the command, an interactive dialog starts. Enter a prompt and receive a structured output in response. The generation process is divided into two stages:
```
